README.md, before:

# Homes

[Wiki](./wiki) | [Commands](./wiki/Commands) | [Permissions](./wiki/Permissions) | [Configs](./wiki/Configs)

Latest release : [available here](./releases/latest)

## About Homes

The purpose of using Homes is to make simple move using commands and to set the respwan location. First, you use the setting command to set the place where you are location as the point called **home**. Then you can move to the set **home** using the command for movement. Also, if you dead, you can respawn to that **home**.

## Homes Features

### If you are default player

- You can set home and move to your set home with command
    - the default home
    - the named home
    - the player's home (_move only_)
    - the player's named home (_move only_)
- If you dead, you can respawn to your set home

### If you are _administrator_ of Spigot server

- You can restrict several features by Homes' configuration file
    - the named home feature
    - the player's home feature
    - the respawn home feature
    - the update checking feature

## More Information

- [Command reference](./wiki/Commands)
- [List of Permissions](./wiki/Permissions)
- [List of Configurations](./wiki/Configs)

## Bug Report / Feature Request

I try my best to perform as many user tests as possible, but occasionally bugs do squeak through. If you have found a bug, or perhaps just have a feature request, please [create an issue on Github](./issues)

***

# Homes

[Wiki](./wiki) | [Commands](./wiki/Commands) | [Permissions](./wiki/Permissions) | [Configs](./wiki/Configs)

最新版 : [available here](./releases/latest)

## Homes について

Homes を利用する目的は、コマンドを使った簡単な移動とリスポーン場所を設定することです。はじめに、設定用のコマンドを使って自分のいる場所を **ホーム** とよばれるポイントとして設定します。そして、移動用のコマンドを使って、その設定した **ホーム** に移動することができます。また、プレイヤーが死んだ場合のリスポーン地点を、その設定した **ホーム** にすることができます。

## Homes の機能

### 一般のプレイヤー

- コマンドでホームの設定や設定したホームへの移動ができます
    - 自分のデフォルトホーム
    - 自分の名前付きホーム
    - 他プレイヤーのホーム (移動のみ)
    - 他プレイヤーの名前付きホーム (移動のみ)
- リスポーン時にホームにリスポーンすることができます

### サーバーの管理者

- Homes の設定ファイルでいくつかの機能を制限できます
    - 名前付きホーム機能
    - プレイヤーホーム機能
    - ホームリスポーン機能
    - アップデート確認機能

## 追加情報

- [コマンドの使い方](./wiki/Commands)
- [権限リスト](./wiki/Permissions)
- [設定リスト](./wiki/Configs)

## バグ報告 / 機能要望

できるだけバグがないようテストを行っていますが、ときにはバグが見つかることがあります。バグを見つけた場合や、機能追加の要望があれば [GitHub で Issue を作成](./issues) してください。

Commit message:

[Edit] describe features coming soon in README

README.md, after:

# Homes

[Wiki](./wiki) | [Commands](./wiki/Commands) | [Permissions](./wiki/Permissions) | [Configs](./wiki/Configs)

Latest release : [available here](./releases/latest)

## About Homes

The purpose of using Homes is to make simple move using commands and to set the respwan location. First, you use the setting command to set the place where you are location as the point called **home**. Then you can move to the set **home** using the command for movement. Also, if you dead, you can respawn to that **home**.

## Homes Features

### If you are default player

- You can set home and move to your set home with command
    - the default home
    - the named home
    - the player's home (_move only_)
    - the player's named home (_move only_)
- If you dead, you can respawn to your set home

### If you are _administrator_ of Spigot server

- You can restrict several features by Homes' configuration file
    - the named home feature
    - the player's home feature
    - the respawn home feature
    - the update checking feature

## Features Coming Soon

- Display a list of homes set by you and other players
- Delete the set home
- Move other players to your home
- Set Private home
- Help Command
- Visualization of homes

## Bug Report / Feature Request

I try my best to perform as many user tests as possible, but occasionally bugs do squeak through. If you have found a bug, or perhaps just have a feature request, please [create an issue on Github](./issues)

***

# Homes

[Wiki](./wiki) | [Commands](./wiki/Commands) | [Permissions](./wiki/Permissions) | [Configs](./wiki/Configs)

最新版 : [available here](./releases/latest)

## Homes について

Homes を利用する目的は、コマンドを使った簡単な移動とリスポーン場所を設定することです。はじめに、設定用のコマンドを使って自分のいる場所を **ホーム** とよばれるポイントとして設定します。そして、移動用のコマンドを使って、その設定した **ホーム** に移動することができます。また、プレイヤーが死んだ場合のリスポーン地点を、その設定した **ホーム** にすることができます。

## Homes の機能

### 一般のプレイヤー

- コマンドでホームの設定や設定したホームへの移動ができます
    - 自分のデフォルトホーム
    - 自分の名前付きホーム
    - 他プレイヤーのホーム (移動のみ)
    - 他プレイヤーの名前付きホーム (移動のみ)
- リスポーン時にホームにリスポーンすることができます

### サーバーの管理者

- Homes の設定ファイルでいくつかの機能を制限できます
    - 名前付きホーム機能
    - プレイヤーホーム機能
    - ホームリスポーン機能
    - アップデート確認機能

## 近日実装予定の機能

- 自分と他のプレイヤーの設定したホームの一覧を表示する機能
- 設定したホームを削除する機能
- 自分のホームに他のプレイヤーを移動させる機能
- プライベートホームの設定機能
- ヘルプ機能
- 設定したホームの可視化機能

## バグ報告 / 機能要望

できるだけバグがないようテストを行っていますが、ときにはバグが見つかることがあります。バグを見つけた場合や、機能追加の要望があれば [GitHub で Issue を作成](./issues) してください。
